TINY-8861: fix cursor position after pasting a `codesample` snippet (#7996)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Selecting a figure with `class="image"` would incorrectly highlight the link toolbar button #TINY-8832
- Fixed various issues that occurred when formatting `contenteditable` elements. #TINY-8905
- The text pattern logic threw an error when there were fragmented text nodes in a paragraph #TINY-8779

> - The cursor position after pasting a `codesimple` snippet is now in the correct position #TINY-8861

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The cursor position after pasting or setting content with a `codesample` snippet no longer places the selection inside the non-editable codesample #TINY-8861
```

Author: done
